content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Todd Warczak PhD

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: <i class="fas fa-seedling" style="color:#3e8914"></i>
      Molecular & Cellular Biologist /<br>
      <i class="fas fa-laptop-code" style="color:#bfb7b6"></i> Data Scientist

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
organizations:
- name:
  url:

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: Doubling down with R for a career in data science. Relocating to Seattle.

# Interests to show in About widget
interests:
- Machine Learning
- Deep Learning
- Data Analysis
- Data Visualization
- Time-Series Forecasting
- Regression/Classification
- R for Data Science
- AWS Cloud Tools

# Education to show in About widget
education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Molecular & Cellular Biology
    institution: Dartmouth College
    year: 2020
  - course: BSc in Biology
    institution: University of Utah
    year: 2012

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://wowchemy.com/docs/getting-started/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "/#contact" for contact widget.
# Alternatively graduation-cap,  fas icon pack
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: '/#contact'
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/twarczak
- icon: google-scholar 
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=sIwtMXoAAAAJ
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/twarczak
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://linkedin.com/in/todd-warczak

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV.
# To use: copy your resume to `static/uploads/resume.pdf`, enable `ai` icons in `params.toml`, 
# and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: uploads/resume.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: "twarczak@gmail.com"

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: false

# add this outside of yaml if you want to bring link back
# {{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} Download my {{< staticref "uploads/demo_resume.pdf" "newtab" >}}resumé{{< /staticref >}}.

---

My name is Todd Warczak, pronounced WAR-ZAK, and I recently completed my PhD in 2020 genetically engineering safer-to-eat crops that accumulate less arsenic from the soil. The most fullfilling streches of my thesis work involved implementing new statistical tools in R to analyze and visualize my plant genomics data. Now I am eager to move into data science full-time where I can grow my abilities within the amazing R community. 

I currently live in White River Junction, VT. Looking to relocate to Seattle, WA to be closer to friends and family. You can find me on Twitter and GitHub. This blog was built in RStudio using {blogdown} and Hugo-academic; deployed on Netlify. 

{{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} Download my {{< staticref "uploads/Resume_08_06_21.pdf" "newtab" >}}resumé{{< /staticref >}}.

Commit message:

Added New York or other US city to relocation.

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Todd Warczak PhD

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: <i class="fas fa-seedling" style="color:#3e8914"></i>
      Molecular & Cellular Biologist /<br>
      <i class="fas fa-laptop-code" style="color:#bfb7b6"></i> Data Scientist

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
organizations:
- name:
  url:

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: Doubling down with R for a career in data science. Relocating to Seattle, New York, or other major US city.

# Interests to show in About widget
interests:
- Machine Learning
- Deep Learning
- Data Analysis
- Data Visualization
- Time-Series Forecasting
- Regression/Classification
- R for Data Science
- AWS Cloud Tools

# Education to show in About widget
education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Molecular & Cellular Biology
    institution: Dartmouth College
    year: 2020
  - course: BSc in Biology
    institution: University of Utah
    year: 2012

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://wowchemy.com/docs/getting-started/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "/#contact" for contact widget.
# Alternatively graduation-cap,  fas icon pack
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: '/#contact'
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/twarczak
- icon: google-scholar 
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=sIwtMXoAAAAJ
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/twarczak
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://linkedin.com/in/todd-warczak

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV.
# To use: copy your resume to `static/uploads/resume.pdf`, enable `ai` icons in `params.toml`, 
# and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: uploads/resume.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: "twarczak@gmail.com"

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: false

# add this outside of yaml if you want to bring link back
# {{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} Download my {{< staticref "uploads/demo_resume.pdf" "newtab" >}}resumé{{< /staticref >}}.

---

My name is Todd Warczak, pronounced WAR-ZAK, and I recently completed my PhD in 2020 genetically engineering safer-to-eat crops that accumulate less arsenic from the soil. The most fullfilling streches of my thesis work involved implementing new statistical tools in R to analyze and visualize my plant genomics data. Now I am eager to move into data science full-time where I can grow my abilities within the amazing R community. 

I currently live in White River Junction, VT. Looking to relocate to Seattle, WA to be closer to friends and family. You can find me on Twitter and GitHub. This blog was built in RStudio using {blogdown} and Hugo-academic; deployed on Netlify. 

{{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} Download my {{< staticref "uploads/Resume_08_06_21.pdf" "newtab" >}}resumé{{< /staticref >}}.
